Adrian where are we going a little bitch
inserts a little surf I don't even know
you call it
surf shanty town everything around here
is oriented for the surf it really
literally is a surf shanty town hey
there's me
Patrick is climbing down with his bum
knee Cheers
cruise all the way down here and check
out this legendary way you one foot in
front of the other hoping I don't eat
shit and check this out
Patrick mooses buff buddy
super cool stairs heading down this
Beach area which is absolutely nothing
short of amazing set of stairs here's
some hindu offerings but the dumb ass is
the joab and surf this and this will hit
you in the noggin if you're not careful
I'll probably go this way
a little sea caves all the boot I don't
know where those stairs go up to but
I'll find out soon
there's that thing firing
it's little tide pool and there's a
drain up here
checking out of there
rippen
kicked out
pretty gnarly